Updates for moby 27.0 (#20026)
docker/docs: content/network/drivers/bridge.md

instances on the same host. For details, see
[Run multiple daemons](../../reference/cli/dockerd.md#run-multiple-daemons).

### Default host binding address

When no host address is given in port publishing options like `-p 80`
or `-p 8080:80`, the default is to make the container's port 80 available on all
host addresses, IPv4 and IPv6.

> Option `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4` can be used to modify the
> default address for published ports.

Reviewer: suggestion: clarify (again) that this is a driver option, since we refer to
a CLI option in the previous paragraph.

```suggestion
The bridge network driver option `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4`
can be used to modify the default address for published ports.
```

Author: Done.

### Use IPv6 with the default bridge network

IPv6 can be enabled for the default bridge using options in `daemon.json`.

```json
{
  "ipv6": true,

>   "bip": "192.168.1.1/24",

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't add unrelated to parameters to this example (ie. `bip`, `fixed-cidr`, `mtu`, `default-gateway`, `dns`).

Author: It was an extension of the example above (which previously mixed v6 params with the other stuff) ... but it probably is clearer without - removed.

### Use IPv6 with the default bridge network

> IPv6 can be enabled for the default bridge using options in `daemon.json`.

Reviewer: question: would it makes sense to add a short description for the options we are setting here? I.e. that you need to specify the subnet and default gateway, this example uses example values, you need to change it to something that works for you...

Maybe redundant but as a noob I am not sure what this does, and why all of these are necessary

```suggestion
To enable IPv6 on the default bridge network, configure the following
options in the `daemon.json` configuration file:
```

Author: Good idea - I've added some words.
